Added Nikos notes regarding network aware encoding and connection migration (#103)
Haivision/srt-rfc: draft-sharabayko-srt-over-quic.md

If the bitrate of the original stream already exceeds network throughput, SRT would still try to deliver it, maintaining congestion and
eventually breaking the SRT connection.

> It is worth mentioning that, in live streaming scenario it may be beneficial to move congestion control mechanisms outside of the protocol towards the encoder (payload producer),
> implementing a network adaptive encoding based on the telemetry provided by SRT and QUIC protocols.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is worth mentioning that in a live streaming scenario it may be beneficial to move congestion control mechanisms outside of the protocol 
towards the encoder (payload producer), implementing a network adaptive encoding based on the telemetry provided 
by the SRT and QUIC protocols.
```

## Pacing

> SRT uses ACK/ACKACK packet pairs to measure RTT on a link, and to track latency and clock drift.
> It also uses packet pair probing to estimate connection bandwidth, although in live configurations
> it has only an informative use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SRT uses ACK/ACKACK packet pairs to measure RTT on a link, and to track latency and clock drift.
It also uses packet pair probing to estimate connection bandwidth, although in live configurations
such estimates are informative only.
```

> Buffering and pacing SRT packets by QUIC SHOULD be done with the understanding that would interfere with the corresponding SRT mechanisms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Buffering and pacing of SRT packets by QUIC SHOULD be done with the understanding that this would interfere with the corresponding SRT mechanisms.
```

> Alternatively, SRT may implement a pacer on top of QUIC’s congestion control and probing provisions in order to abstract the complexity for the live streaming use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, SRT may implement a pacer on top of QUIC’s congestion control and probing mechanisms in order to abstract the complexity associated with live streaming use cases.
```

## Connection Mitigation

> QUIC utilizes Connection UUID in order to distinguish between connections (compared to the IP:Port scheme used by UDP and TCP).
> This enables already established connections to be handed over seamlessly across network interfaces without requiring a new handshake/negotiation.
> SRT may expand on this to enable network bonded delivery workflows to switch between optimal transports without a latency hit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
QUIC utilizes Connection UUID to distinguish between connections (compared to the IP:Port scheme used by UDP and TCP).
This enables already established connections to be handed over seamlessly across network interfaces without requiring a new handshake/negotiation.
SRT may expand on this to enable network bonded delivery workflows to switch between optimal transports without a latency hit.
```
